Thank you, Rodolphe. So full year revenues amounted to €1.278 billion versus €1.321 billion last year. They reflected a positive currency effect of €17 million; a negative perimeter effect of €2 million related to the carry-forward impact of the disposal of EUTELSAT 25B in August 2018. A change in other revenues of minus €6 million, which reflected a positive €9 million related to currency hedging and the absence of a significant one-off booked last year. Excluding the other revenues, the revenues of the 5 operating verticals were down by 3.9%. Turning to the revenues of each of the 5 verticals. Broadcast, 61% of group total, recorded revenues of €785 million, down 1.2% versus last year; Data & Professional Video, 14% of group total, saw revenues of €175 million, down 14.1%; Government Services, 13% of group total, saw revenues of €161 million, down 3.3%; Fixed Broadband, 6% of revenues, stood at €77 million, a decline of 5.6% year-on-year; and Mobility, 6% of revenues, saw revenues of €79 million, down by 5% – by 5.1%. Finally, other revenues stood at €2 million, which included minus €1 million of negative hedging revenues. They were €6 million lower than last year, which included a significant one-off engineering contract. Let’s look at each one in more detail, starting with Broadcast. Revenues were down 1.2% to €785 million. They reflected, notably, lower revenues at 36 degrees East with the return of a couple of transponders in Russia, and the termination of a contract in Sub-Saharan Africa at 7 degrees East. Q4 revenues were down by 1.5% year-on-year and by 1.4% quarter-on-quarter, with net one-off items accounting for most of the sequential decline. At the end of June 2020, the number of channels – the total number of channels broadcast by Eutelsat satellites stood at 6,788, down 4% year-on-year, reflecting, in particular, the termination of the contract in Sub-Saharan Africa, already mentioned, in previous quarters; a negative one-off effects related to contribution services and the end of certain services at 5 degrees West as a consequence of the loss of power of EUTELSAT 5 West B. HD penetration continued to increase, standing at 1,679 channels versus 1,551 a year earlier, implying 8% year-on-year growth and a penetration rate of 24.7% compared to 21.9% a year earlier. On the commercial front, the past year saw dynamic commercial activity in Sub-Saharan Africa with the addition of new platforms, such as Ghana RCS and Strong Roots, and the anchored deal with CANAL+ in Ethiopia at 7 degrees East, preparing the ground for future growth across this region. On the other hand, the contract with the Greek operator, Forthnet, was renegotiated at lower terms, following its acquisition by United Group, one of our main customers in the Balkans. The agreement resolves an overdue issue and secures business on a long-term basis. Data & Professional Video revenues stood at €175 million, down by 14.1% year-on-year. They continue to reflect the ongoing pricing pressure and highly competitive environment, notably, in Latin America. Nevertheless, volume trends improved throughout the year in Fixed Data, notably, thanks to new business in MENA in the second half. On the other hand, in the last 4 months of the year, Professional Video was strongly affected by the suspension of live sport events resulting from the lockdown. This was strongly reflected in fourth quarter revenues, which stood at €43 million, down 13.6% year-on-year and by 5.2% quarter-on-quarter. Government Services revenues stood at €161 million, down 3.3% on a like-for-like basis. They’re reflected on one hand, the negative carry-forward effect of renewals with the U.S. government during the last 18 months. And on the other hand, the contribution of the EGNOS payload on EUTELSAT 5 West B since mid-February, and incremental revenues generated at the temporarily relocated EUTELSAT 7A satellite. Fourth quarter revenue stood at €43 million, up 5.1% year-on-year and up 6.1% quarter-on-quarter. The coming year stands to benefit from the entry into service of EUTELSAT QUANTUM in calendar 2021, bringing flexible and innovative capacity. The multiyear agreement has been reached with Intelsat for this satellite, giving access to the 48 degrees East orbital position, thereby opening up extended access, notably, to the MENA region and maximizing the commercial potential of this satellite. Fixed Broadband revenues stood at €77 million, down 5.6% like-for-like. The decline reflected yet again the scarcity of capacity and a lower contribution from traditional distributors in Europe, which is yet not offset by the ramp-up of the Preferred Partnership Program. Nevertheless, net additions returned to positive territory in the fourth quarter of this year. In Africa, revenues remain modest, pending the arrival of new capacity. Fourth quarter revenues were down 10.6% on a year-on-year basis, but stable quarter-on-quarter. In the post-COVID context, the demand for high quality, ubiquitous and reliable Internet connectivity is higher than ever, and fiscal year 2021 should mark a turning point for Fixed Broadband with the entry into service of KONNECT, bringing long-awaited incremental capacity to Europe and a change of – and a change in scale in Africa; the significant headway made in our European broadband strategy on which more later; and the ramp-up of the Schoolap contract in Africa. Mobile Connectivity revenues stood at €79 million, down 5.1% like-for-like. Revenues were stable over the first 9 months, but affected by the COVID-19 crisis in the fourth quarter, which led to an absence of airtime-related revenues on KA-SAT and lower revenues from certain service providers. As a result, fourth quarter revenues were down 20.7% on a year-on-year basis and by 20.5% quarter-on-quarter. On a positive note, the year saw the extension of our maritime mobility activity, where we have been constantly gaining market share. We, notably, signed recently a new multiyear contract with Telenor. So a quick look at the backlog and fill rate. The order backlog stood at €4.1 billion at the end of June 2020 versus €4.4 billion at the end of June 2019, reflecting natural backlog consumption in the absence of material Broadcast renewals. It was equivalent to 3.2 times 2019 revenues, with Broadcast representing 68%. The number of operational transponders at the end of June 2020 stood at 1,376, down by 11 units year-on-year. This reflected, on one hand, lower operational capacity at 5 West following the transfer of services from EUTELSAT 5 West A to EUTELSAT 5 West B in January 2020. And on the other hand, incremental capacity brought by EUTELSAT 7C in January 2020. Despite the decrease in operational transponders, the number of utilized transponders stood at 960, unchanged year-on-year and reflecting, notably, the ramp-up of Maritime contracts. As a result, the fill rate rose slightly to 69.7% compared to 69.2% a year ago. Now over to Sandrine to run through the financials.Good day and welcome to the Eutelsat Full Year 2019-2020 Results Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Rodolphe Belmer, CEO. Please go ahead, sir.Welcome and thank you for joining us today for our full-year results. I am Rodolphe Belmer, the CEO. And I’m joined on today’s call by Michel Azibert, Deputy CEO; Yohann Leroy, Deputy CEO and Chief Technical Officer; and Sandrine Téran, CFO. Let’s start by taking a look at the highlights of the year. First of all, we delivered resilient results in spite of the COVID-19 crisis with a top-line outturn above our revised expectations. We were also able to generate a record level of free cash flow with a cash conversion ratio of 37%. As a result, we are proposing a dividend of €0.89 per share, which is 2.3 times covered by discretionary free cash flow. At the operational level, our core Broadcast vertical remains robust with a continuation of the underlying top-line stability over the past 3 years. On the commercial front, contract wins in many of our applications will underpin our future performance. Finally, we made significant headway in our Fixed Broadband growth strategy with the arrival of EUTELSAT KONNECT, marking a turning point. A quick look at each of these points, starting with key data for full year 2019-2020. Revenues for the 5 operating verticals stood at €1,276 million on a reported basis and €1.261 billion at $1.14 euro/dollar rate, exceeding our COVID revised objective of circa €1.250 billion. This represented a 3.9% decline on a like-for-like basis. In spite of this decline, we continued to deliver an industry-leading level of profitability with 76.8% EBITDA margin, down only 1.3 points versus last fiscal year. This reflects our continued strong cost discipline. Cash CapEx amounted to €222 million. This level is not reflective of our medium-term trajectory since it is net of EUTELSAT 5 WEST B insurance proceeds. Discretionary free cash flow reached a record high of €474 million on a reported basis and €483 million as defined in our financial objectives, representing a further 6% organic increase. The net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was contained at 3.05 times, almost unchanged versus last year and reflecting our strong financial discipline. Finally, the proposed dividend per share of €0.89 is covered 2.3 times by the discretionary free cash flow. Let’s have a quick look at our track record of cash conversion. Since 2016, the ratio of cash flow to revenues has more than doubled, from 16% to 37%, in fiscal year 2020. This is despite the very challenging conditions in our industry, which have put pressure on the top-line. It has been achieved, thanks to our systematic and vigorous action to optimize all the levers below the top-line, including OpEx, CapEx, cash interest and cash tax. Let’s take now a closer look at core Broadcast, accounting for more than 60% of revenues. As the graph on the left shows, if we exclude the revenues of our Fransat DTT platform, which has been volatile over the past 3 years, our core Broadcast has been essentially stable at constant perimeter over the past 12 quarters. This is absolutely unique in the industry and reflects 2 factors: our geographic exposure, with emerging markets accounting for over 50% of revenues, and our absence from the mature North American market; and the fact that our business model is predominantly DTH, the most resilient sub-vertical compared, for example, with cable headend feeding. Over the same 3-year period, our main channel KPIs have been well oriented, leading to a progression in megabit consumption. Channel count was up 4% with growth mostly in emerging markets. HD penetration continued to progress from 17% to 25%. This represents over 50% growth in HD channels compared with a rise of 16% in MPEG-4 channels over the same period of time. Moreover, in recent years, satellite has continued to gain market share in our Broadcast footprint. The number of satellite households has grown at a compound rate of 1.7% to almost 170 million homes. Satellite represents 36% of TV households in our footprint compared with 35% in 2015, meaning that it’s growing, and remains the main mode of TV reception. And all regions in our footprint are showing progress in terms of satellite penetration, except Western Europe, where the decline is nevertheless limited, as you can see on the slide. Now, a quick look at the main commercial achievements over the last 12 months. First, in Broadcast. We have signed an on on-core deal with Canal+ in Ethiopia, on the recently added incremental capacity on EUTELSAT 7C. This long-term, multi-transponder contract reflect the quality of our portfolio of innovate assets covering SSA as well as the dynamism of this market. More generally, commercial activity remained extremely positive in this region with the addition of several new platforms in the last 12 months, highlighting the dynamism of the African DTH market. And has platform, Ghana RCS, AfricaXP and Strong Roots. Among the other applications, the last 12 months notably saw a significant multi-transponder deal in Fixed Data with the telecom operator in the MENA region, marking a significant improvement in volume trends. 2 deals in Fixed Broadband, 2 important deals, 1 in Africa with Schoolap and 1 with Orange in France, I will revert to that later. And in Mobility, a multiyear contract with Telenor, maintaining momentum in maritime, where we continue to gain market share. Finally, the past year has seen several essential steps in both Europe and Africa to prepare the return to growth in Fixed Broadband. The successful launch of KONNECT in January, which will bring long awaited incremental capacity in Europe and a change in scale in Africa. It will gradually enter service in the fall and operate at full capacity from early 2021. Second, the signature of MoU to provide high-speed connectivity to schools in the Democratic Republic of Congo, highlighting the opportunity of government-backed digital inclusion programs in the continent. Third, a major wholesale agreement secured with Orange for the entire French capacity on the KONNECT satellite. And finally, the acquisition of the European activities of Bigblu Broadband, adding a retail pillar to our distribution strategy in Europe. I will revert to this later, because it’s a very important announcement that we are making today. At the same time, we also progressed on different work streams, including testing distribution models in Africa, the implementation of the Preferred Partner Program in Europe, the optimization of CPE cost, and more broadly, the preparation of the arrival of KONNECT. Now, over to Michel Azibert for a look at the operational performance. Thank you, Sandrine. As a reminder, we have a strategic road map with 2 pillars. First, maximizing cash generation, leveraging all components of free cash flow. And second, return our company to growth by extracting additional value from the core video business and capturing the Connectivity opportunity. Our operational priorities for fiscal year 2021 are driven by this 2-pronged strategy. On cash flow generation, we will continue maintaining all components and attention, in particular, ensuring we execute on our LEAP 2 cost saving plan and improve our working capital trends. We must also ensure we deliver on the clearing of the C-Band on time with first deadline in December 2021. With regard to the Video vertical, we will continue to maximize the yield in major markets, notably, by securing renewals on the best possible terms and optimizing pricing at key hotspots. At the same time, we will seek to tap growth pockets, notably, leveraging the incremental capacity on EUTELSAT 7C and stimulating HD and UHD ramp-up. In coming year should mark a turning point for our Connectivity activities and especially Fixed Broadband, and our focus will be on the ramp of KONNECT both in Europe and in Africa, the business to government opportunities in Africa, the further development of wholesale partnerships, the expansion of our maritime mobility footprint, and preparing for the arrival of EUTELSAT QUANTUM and in the longer term KONNECT VHTS and EUTELSAT 10B. Turning to the structuring of our European broadband strategy. The availability of EUTELSAT KONNECT will bring long-awaited capacity in high demand areas and with it, and improved end-user experience based on superior economics and flexibility compared to existing assets. Moreover, we have secured a major agreement with Orange for the entire French capacity on KONNECT, effectively bringing forward the contract on KONNECT VHTS. Discussions are underway with other European players, where the features of KONNECT and KONNECT VHTS can help them meet their coverage obligations under the European drive to reduce the digital divide. This wholesale pillar of our distribution strategy is complemented by the acquisition of the European activities of Bigblu Broadband, giving immediate access to a scalable direct distribution channel with a proven track record across Europe. Adding a retail pillar means we can efficiently reach customers in all areas, thanks to a range of tools tailored to satellite broadband. This is a critical enabler to accelerate the ramp-up of future capacity as well as a means to maximize the value of customers over time through the direct control of commercial operations, distribution networks and customer base. Let’s have a closer look at Bigblu Broadband. Our indirect model has shown its limitations with a fragmented distributor base, many lacking the critical size to fund subscriber acquisition cost. This has led to progressive erosion in both subscriber base and revenues. The PPP program has been the first response to this with promising early results. But the imminent availability of EUTELSAT KONNECT means the time is right to more deeply integrate distribution in order to benefit from enhanced end-user access with the ability to pilot retention and up-sell initiatives, benefit also from a direct control of product definition and price, allowing a faster alignment with market trends, and also control over distribution levers, in particular, sales force incentives, communication and promotion. As our number 1 distributor on KA-SAT with an impressive track record and an existing base of around 50,000 subscribers, Bigblu Broadband represents an ideal target, bringing a true pan-European reach with operations in 10 countries, a scalable platform for direct sales, which we can combine with our own tools and experienced and highly capable management team and a unique pan-European network of installs and resells. The unencumbered acquisition price of around £38 million implies an EBITDA multiple of around 10 times. The acquired activities generated around £35 million of revenues in 2019, with a low-double-digit EBITDA margin. Given the level of intergroup eliminations, the net contribution to group revenues will not be material, but this acquisition will object the necessity to invest in the development of our own retail channel in Europe. The transaction is expected to be completed by end of October, subject to the usual shareholder and regulatory approval. Turning to our assumptions for each operating vertical for fiscal year 2021, Broadcast will be affected by the specific effect of the renegotiation with Forthnet in Greece, which represents an impact of around €10 million. Conversely, Africa should start to benefit from recently signed contracts, and overall, Broadcast revenues are expected to slightly decline. Data and Professional Video will continue to decline, reflecting ongoing price pressure, albeit at the slowest pace than in recent years, thanks to improved volume trends and a gradual recovery of occasional use. Government Services will reflect on one hand the full year effect of the EGNOS payload and the initial contribution of EUTELSAT QUANTUM Satellite. And on the other hand, the negative carryforward of last year’s renewals and the wash-through of revenues generated by the temporary relocation of EUTELSAT 7A. This year should mark a turning point for Fixed Broadband with the entry into service of KONNECT, the wholesale agreement with Orange in France, the addition of a retail pillar in Europe with Bigblu Broadband, and the ramp-up of Schoolap contract in Africa. Mobile Connectivity will remain affected by the impact of the COVID-19 crisis on the air mobility market, where the timing of recovery remains uncertain, but we will benefit from the ramp-up of recently signed maritime business, maritime contracts. As a result, in fiscal year 2021, we expect to generate revenues from the 5 operating verticals of between €1.180 billion and €1.220 billion based on current perimeter and at $1.14 euro to dollar rate. This is consistent with consensus, expectations. Cash CapEx will remain at an average, not exceeding €400 million per annum for the period July 2020 to June 2022, although as recent years show, we are able to limit this spend where necessary. We will continue to leverage all measures to maximize cash generation, notably, the execution of the LEAP 2 plan aimed at generating €20 million to €25 million in annual savings by fiscal year 2022, and improving working capital requirement trends. In this context, we are reinstating our discretionary free cash flow target suspended on April 9, amid the COVID-19 crisis, which we now expect to stand between €420 million and €450 million in fiscal year 2022. We remain committed to a sound financial structure to support our investment-grade credit rating and continue to target a medium-term net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of around 3 times. Finally, our policy of a stable to progressive dividend interrupted in fiscal year 2020 is reinstated based on the dividend of €0.89 recommended at the upcoming Annual General Meeting, confirming our commitment of a high level of shareholder returns. Looking ahead, the next 3 years should mark the end of the negative top-line trend with the ramp-up and arrival of incremental capacity predominantly in Connectivity. We have EUTELSAT 7C with 19 incremental transponders addressing Sub-Saharan Africa, one of the remaining pockets of growth in Broadcast, the deal with CANAL+, and the recently added smaller DTH platforms will gradually fill this capacity. KONNECT is due to start operations from fall 2020, and to operate at full capacity in early 2021, with pre-commitments from Orange for the entire French capacity, representing 10% to 15% of the satellite capacity. EUTELSAT QUANTUM delayed by COVID-19 is due to enter service at the end of Q1 2021, positioned at 48 degrees East. And with its unrivaled flexibility and with the joint commercialization agreements with Intelsat, it will represent a compelling offer for government customers. KONNECT VHTS will start operation towards the end of 2022, with 500 gigabits of VHTS capacity and firm pre-commitments from Orange and Thales. It will represent a major milestone of our Connectivity strategy in Europe. And finally, EUTELSAT 10B due to start operations in H1 2023, when the overall market should have recovered, will bring 35 gigabits of incremental HTS capacity for Mobility over the EMEA region, of which a third already firmly pre-committed. So, a few words to conclude. Even in the face of the COVID crisis, we have shown our ability to generate a high level of free cash flow. We continue to serve a high level of dividend, which is covered more than 2 times by free cash flow. Our core Broadcast remain resilient, with, in particular, a good dynamic in SSA. The coming year will represent a turning point in our Fixed Broadband strategy, with the arrival of long-awaited incremental assets and the conditions in place to maximize their ramp up. And finally, we have capacity coming online in the next 3 years, which is set to reverse the declining top line trend since 2016. Thank you for your attention, and we are now ready to take your questions.Thank you, Michel. Starting with EBITDA, which stood at €982 million versus €1.032 billion at 30 June 2019, down 4.9%. The EBITDA margin stood at 76.9% at constant currency, 1.2 points below the record levels achieved last year. The slight decrease comes after 3 consecutive years of improvement, starting from 76.2% in fiscal year 2016 to 78.1 in fiscal year 2019. It reflected the decline in revenues, higher costs associated with the Broadband activity in preparation of the arrival of the KONNECT satellite and a higher level of bad debt reflecting more challenging cash collection conditions in the COVID-19 context. These headwinds were partly offset by ongoing rigorous cost control. The LEAP 2 program, which is set to generate €20 million to €25 million of savings in fiscal year 2022, has also started. As anticipated, its impact on fiscal year 2020 EBITDA remains modest. Moving to the P&L. Group share of net income stood at €298 million versus €340 million in fiscal year 2019, down by 13%. The net margin stood at 23% versus 26% last year. This reflected on the negative side, the lower EBITDA, slightly higher depreciation and amortization costs of €531 million compared with €519 million last year, due, notably, to a negative currency impact and to the entry into service of EUTELSAT 5 West B and EUTELSAT 7C. The tax rate of 23% versus 18% last year. The increase, reflecting principally the noncash variation of Satmex’s deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of currency and inflation variations. On the positive side, other operating income of plus €36 million versus plus €13 million last year, reflecting principally insurance of €92 million related to the partial loss of EUTELSAT 5 West B, partly offset by the impairment of assets for €42 million and other one-off items, including costs incurred for the transfer of customers from EUTELSAT 5 West A as well as LEAP 2 and the headquarter move. The net financial result of minus €81 million versus minus €92 million a year earlier, mainly reflecting the positive impact of the refinancing of the bonds redeemed in January and October 2019. Net cash flow from operating activities amounted to €779 million, €69 million lower than last year. This reflected principally the decrease in EBITDA, the deterioration in the working capital requirement, reflecting a more challenged cash collection environment in the COVID-19 context, which should be partially reversed next year. Partly offset by a lower level of tax paid, reflecting the full effect of the change in tax territoriality treatment last year. Cash CapEx amounted to €222 million, €102 million lower than last year. The level is not representative of normalized CapEx, since it reflects milestone delays due to COVID-19 and is net of the insurance proceeds in respect of EUTELSAT 5 West B for €86 million. Interest and other fees paid net of interest received amounted to €83 million versus €117 million last year, a €34 million improvement, reflecting the refinancing of the 2 bonds in 2019. As a result, discretionary free cash flow amounted to €474 million on a reported basis. At constant currency and excluding the impact of hedging, one-off costs related to the LEAP 2 plan and the headquarter move, it stood at €483 million, up 6% or €26 million. This further increase comes after 3 consecutive years of double-digit organic growth. At 30 June 2020, net debt stood just under €3 billion and – sorry, and records a further €73 million decrease versus end June 2019. Discretionary free cash flow of €474 million more than covered the dividend payment of €316 million, including dividends to minority interest. Other changes included a €39 million one-off cash-out related to the settlement of an interest rate pre-hedge instruments; a net cash-in of €20 million for equity investment and divestments, including half of the proceeds from the EUTELSAT 25B disposal on one hand and the acquisition of minority interest in the Russian operations on the other; share buybacks of €20 million; and other item for a net amount of €46 million. The net debt-to-EBITDA ratio stood at 3.05 times, which is almost unchanged compared to the level of 2.98 times reached last year. The average cost of debt after hedging was further reduced to 2.4% compared to 2.6% in fiscal year 2019 and 2.9% in fiscal year 2018. The average weighted maturity of debt stood at 3.4 years compared with 3.6 years on 30 June 2019 and 2.2 years on 30 June 2018. The liquidity remains strong, with cash and undrawn credit lines totaling over €1.2 billion. And our investment-grade ratings have been confirmed by both S&P and Fitch post COVID-19 crisis. Now back to Rodolphe to speak on the outlook. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Nick Dempsey from Barclays. Please go ahead. Oh, yes, good morning, guys. I’ve got 3 questions. First of all, with regarding your deal with Orange in France, is it possible you could sign something similar to that in other countries where there’s a government focus on improving broadband coverage across the whole country, or is the situation in France somewhat special for you? Second question, just maybe if you could comment on the Sky Italia renewal process. I mean you’ve mentioned in previous results calls, you haven’t touched on it today, I know that’s probably some kicking off around now. Any update on that would be helpful. And lastly, in terms of the 48 degrees East deal with Intelsat, can you give us a bit more detail on how that’s going to work? Do you have to give up some of the revenue generation potential of QUANTUM to secure the contract with them and a better ramp? And perhaps you could say roughly whether you expect QUANTUM to contribute much in FY 2021? Well, thank you, Nick. For the distribution – wholesale distribution strategy of our KONNECT and KONNECT VHTS satellite in Europe, we have started to – our wholesale strategy with our partnership with Orange and which lead the signature of the contract for the distribution of the capacity of KONNECT for France. Of course, France is not special. And we think that while this contract with Orange will serve as a reference, as a business case to help us penetrate other large telcos in Europe, what I can say at the time is that we have engaged in similar discussions with other large size operators in Europe. Well, nothing to announce today, but we are, of course, following exactly the same strategy, same path elsewhere in Europe. And, of course, the contract with Orange and – the distribution strategy with Orange that help a lot with – in the other negotiations that we are having. Sky Italia, well, I cannot comment a lot at this stage, as you can guess. What I can say is that while the negotiations for the renewal of that contract have started, what I can – well, I cannot really comment a lot on the terms of that negotiation. What I can tell – to give you some color on how it’s going, I would qualify those negotiations as going well. And we are expecting the results of this discussion shortly. For deals with Intelsat on QUANTUM, it’s a distribution deal. We are working, as you know, for our Government Services capacity a lot with third-parties’ distributors, including already with Intelsat General, of course. And the deal we have signed of 48 degrees East has to be considered in that kind of context. Does it mean that we are going to reduce the revenue expectation that we have on QUANTUM? The result is no. We have exactly the same expectation that we are not going to give up some revenues at that position. The positive for us is that we have embarked a very powerful distributor in that region, which will help us accelerate the ramp of this satellite at 48 degrees. Thanks, Rodolphe. We will now take our next question from Aleksander Peterc from Société Générale. Please go ahead. Yes, good morning, guys. Thanks for the questions. So just first of all, could you clarify on the guidance? You said that that’s in line with expectations. But if I look at your raw numbers, it looks like you’re guiding slightly below, about €20 million below consensus. So maybe there’s an effect that you could clarify for us. Secondly, how should we model any impact on the EBITDA margins from the Bigblu Broadband acquisition? Is there a dilution for EBITDA margins that we should model going forward and from which period exactly? And lastly, on Forthnet, Greece, should we model the impact starting in the current quarter or at a later period? Thank you. Well, thank you for your questions. I will start – I will give probably first-line answer, and then I will turn to Sandrine, which will probably can give much more precision than I do. Our revenue expectation at constant currency is exactly in line with the consensus. We have fixed guidance bracket of in between €1,180 million and €1,220 million. It’s given at $1.14 euro/dollar exchange rate. And when we take the consensus at this same rate, it’s almost just in the middle of this bracket. EBITDA margin, BBB acquisition, well, we are acquiring the European activities of BBB to be very specific and precise. And there is no dilution expected to our EBITDA margin. And finally, Forthnet, Greece, the contract will take place – will materialize as of July 1, meaning that the effects can be seen as of the first quarter of our fiscal year. But maybe I can turn to Sandrine to answer better your questions. Yes. Good morning, Aleksander. The precise maths on the consensus are the following: so the consensus for fiscal year 2021 for the operating verticals only is at €1.221 billion. The implied ForEx behind this figure is €1 for US$1.11. When you translate this at the rate of our guidance, which is 1.14. As you know, we end up with a consensus expressed under our guidance of €1.208 billion. So I confirm what Rodolphe just explained in terms of our guidance for next year. Thank you very much. We will now take our next question from Sami Kassab from Exane. Please go ahead. Yes, thank you very much. Good morning, everyone. I have 3 questions as well, please. In Fixed Broadband, you now own a retail distribution arm. 3 years from now, how much of your revenues or subscriber-count do you expect that the retail assets will deliver? Can you discuss wholesale versus retail distribution as you see developing, say, 3 years from now and the impact it may have on good margins, please, Rodolphe? Then secondly, can you comment on how you see capacity pricing trends in the current environment? Are we dealing with the same type of price deflation than a year ago? Or has it worsened or perhaps improved? And lastly, you have given a mixed outlook for Government, some positive, some negative. Do you expect Government revenues to grow or decline in fiscal 2021? Thank you. Well, in Fixed Broadband, what would be the distribution mix that we’ll be adding in the future? Of course, there are still some uncertainty in that respect because, of course, we are trying hard, as I said, to develop as much as we can the wholesale part of our distribution strategy. And also, what I must say that the mix will probably differ continent by continent. When you take Europe, most probably, it will be more or less a 50-50 split between retail and wholesale. In Africa, most probably, the situation will be slightly different since we are adding a B2G components to our distribution strategy in Africa. B2G meaning, the digital inclusion program that we have with the government in the region and where we have been able to mark our first success with the Schoolap deal. And probably in Africa, the bias would be more pronounced towards wholesale and B2G. On your second question regarding capacity pricing, I don’t know which application you are sort of focusing on. Overall, what we can say is that in the Broadcast segment, pricing at our video hotspots are remaining very, very stable – remarkably stable. In the Data and Professional Video segment, price continue to erode and to decrease at the same kind of pace as before, the double-digit decline. And for the rest, in Broadband and Mobile Connectivity, no change in price evolution. Our revenue in the Government vertical in fiscal year 2021. What – we think that, well, it will be – I – well, I don’t know what I’m supposed to say there. What I will say it will be more or less stable, this application. With – for nobody, we don’t give guidance, as you know, on an application-by-application basis. But let’s say that it will be broadly stable with 2 factors compensating, one – well, compensating each other. First factor is the sort of natural erosion embarked by the renewal of the contract with the U.S. DoD. Even though the outcomes of the latest renewal campaigns were good, there was still only at 85%, which means the natural erosion compensated by 2 positive elements. The first positive element being, of course, the entry into service of the QUANTUM satellite launched in the fiscal year. And second, the full year effect of the EGNOS positioning payload. Thank you, Rodolphe. And in terms of pricing, when you commented on Mobile Connectivity, did you say that prices remained stable versus last year? Or did you say that the rate of decline remained stable versus what we had seen historically? Well, what we have in Mobility, typically, is that we have – what – in the long-term contracts that we ink in the Mobility segment, typically, the structure of the contract is that we progressively decrease the price per megabit, while we increase the consumption of megabit. That’s the way it’s structured. Thank you, Rodolphe. [Operator Instructions] We will now take our next question from Patrick Wellington from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Yes. Good morning. I’ve got 3 questions. Sandrine, you mentioned debt collections on a couple of occasions. I think at the half year, the receivables over 90 days went up from €40 million to €118 million. I haven’t had a chance to check that number for the full year. But could you talk around what is happening with that long-dated debt. What the trends are? I think you said you thought you’d get a bit of an improvement as we run through this year. So can you talk around the dynamics of that? Secondly, on QUANTUM. I think in the past, you’ve said that this is around a €35 million revenue opportunity. Does the delay that we’ve seen in the launch impact that at all? And then thirdly, you talk about a stable and progressive dividend, and you have done for some time. But of course, you’ve cut the dividend from €1.27 to €0.89. And you’re now saying that the stable and progressive nature of the dividend is from a base of €0.89. So it’s not really a stable and progressive dividend. You’ve also suspended the buyback. So can you talk a bit about the decision-making there? Are we likely to see the buyback restored at some stage? Thanks. Maybe we’ll start with your first 2 questions. Sandrine, if you like to take this one. Good morning, Patrick. So on the debt collection, as I mentioned, of course, we have suffered some delay in the cash collection due to the COVID-19 crisis. When you look at our balance sheet, at June 30, the total receivable on the balance sheet has increased by €50 million, and it’s mostly driven by the COVID-19 crisis. We expect to catch up on part of it in fiscal year 2021, and this is also taken into account in our forecast in fiscal year 2021. When you look at the total receivables above 3 months, because you mentioned also the long-dated receivables, they are also increasing by approximately €70 million, which is also strongly driven by the COVID-19. And as we mentioned during our presentation, we have sold one significant contributor to this kind of receivables, which is Forthnet. So this is one improvement on this side, too. I would also highlight that we have, of course, a significant amount of provision at the balance sheet to cover the risk on that receivables and that the net amount of receivable after taking into account this provision is €130 million. This is maybe what I can tell you for our position at the end of June on this side. On your second question regarding QUANTUM. Do we revise our expectations of revenue from this satellite? The answer is no. Do we expect the same kind of order of magnitude of revenues as we said some months ago at around €35 million? The answer is no. We stay exactly on that objective, and we are even a bit more optimistic on the ramp of this satellite given the commercialization deal we have been able to sign recently with a very capable, as I mentioned, distributor for this kind of a service, which are dedicated mostly, as you have understood, to government-related telecommunications services. On your question regarding the dividend and the reinstatement of our return to progressive dividend, we have been very explicit in saying that, which will be based on the rebased dividend. We are starting from this point, of course, at €0.89, which is – which we think is clear and it’s well understood by the financial markets when we take the consensus of dividend. It’s exactly in line with what we say now. Concerning the remuneration strategy of the group, well, our remuneration is clearly oriented towards the return to our shareholders. We delivered a very strong yield, even with our rebased dividend, the yield, which is at around 10%, it’s very well covered by our free cash flow. And I think we are bringing strong elements to sustain that our free cash flow will remain extremely robust in the next 2 years. And you can imagine that it will be likewise in the year – in the outer years, after the guidance proving that we have a very robust cash flow, very solid, a very strong ability to deliver our cash flow target. And that’s really the bedrock of our remuneration strategy. Could we do more in the future? More, probably. The reason why we don’t do more those days is, first, because we are quite focused also on elements like the net debt to EBITDA. We want to remain solidly in the investment-grade zone. We think it’s important in current uncertain times to stay very – well, clearly, investment-grade rated. That’s the first element. And second, we have to take into consideration also – even though we are extremely solid with a lot of visibility in our business model, given the outside uncertainty, we have to remain prudent. And that’s the reason why we are not going above the level of today, which is, in absolute terms, very, very good in current days. Thank you. Can I just follow-up quickly on Nick’s question on Sky Italia. I think when you’ve talked about that contract in the past, you’ve talked about it being in multiple portions, if you like. So the negotiation in... Sorry, sorry, sorry. I didn’t understand the word that you used. I think you’ve talked about the Sky Italia contract not being one single contract, but multiple contracts. Okay. Yes. Are – is the contracts that you are optimistic about in the renegotiation, is that a substantial part of the overall Sky Italia contract? Can you give us some sort of feel for that? Well, it’s a bit delicate to answer you and to give you the sort of details and underlying elements of the negotiations we are having with Sky. Well, though, I will tell you that actually we are – the past contracts that we had with Sky Italia was actually quite a large number of small contracts, that altogether made up to the total number of transponders that we lease them. We have changed our approach. And we are talking about now a very large quantity of transponders, which would be included in 1 contract. Okay. So you are optimistic about... And I want to – pardon? Pardon? You’re optimistic about the bulk of the contract then. So your favorable comments relate to the biggest part of the Sky Italia contracts? Yeah, we have changed our approach. And actually, we are negotiating now for the future, the bulk, as you say, a large number of transponders in this, and including all the needs of transponders of Sky Italia for the future at the same time. That’s the kind of discussion we have. It’s a long-term discussion for the very long-term. And as I said, I cannot tell much more at that time. But the indications I gave you is that we – negotiations are going well. And second, the result is it to be expected very shortly. That’s great. Thank you. And I’ve always said that. No change in my evaluation. I always told you we have run this kind of discussions many times. We know what we do. It’s our everyday business, and we are staying on the same view. Great. Thank you. We will now take our next question from Giles Thorne from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Good morning. Thanks. My first question was on Fixed Broadband, and I guess, ultimately, Rodolphe, the journey you’ve been on because if I remember 4 years ago, when you first laid out your 3 strategic pillars, doing Retail and Fixed Broadband was definitely not one of them. Doing Fixed Broadband is a huge part of it, but not the Retail piece, and hence why the ViaSat JV came onto the agenda and all that. And so just over the subsequent 4-year period, we’re now at a point where you are actually buying your own key reselling partnerships. So I’d like to understand what changed your view? Second thing is, still on the same topic, just the value proposition of buying Bigblu Broadband. You’re spending a lot of money at a good multiple. You built something that already existed and already worked pretty well by all accounts as protected and enforced by the PPP. So I’m just trying to understand, why did you need to do this? And I’m guessing it’s about definitively blocking ViaSat out of Europe, but I don’t want to put words in your mouth, so you tell me. And then still on the same topic, just managing conflicts of interest, having a reseller in-house when you’re wholesaling to other resellers, especially big powerful people like Orange, can create challenges. I know that Bigblu have customers in France, where you just sold all the capacity to Orange, although I understand you’ve been selling to Orange for years and years now. Anyway, how are you going to manage those conflicts of interest now that you’ve got a big resell operation in-house? Thank you. Thank you, Giles. The – on the – on your first question, what – I think it’s interesting to try to prove or to articulate that we have not changed our mind. But potentially, that’s the point, we don’t we have not changed our mind and our view on what would be the best distribution strategy for the Broadband capacity in Europe. Of course, we could have changed our mind in the course of 4 years, because we learn every day, as we all do. But particularly, in that respect, we have not changed our mind. The main interest, as we have made clear at that period of our initial deal with ViaSat, was their ability to retail – to distribute to the retail market the capacity of the VHTS satellite, which was supposed to get that from the ViaSat-3 in Europe. And that’s exactly because we thought we were not experts of that part of the business and that we needed it, that we decided to partner with them in Europe, after a while, which changed our mind, because we thought that we had better options to retail the product effectively in Europe. That’s our internal view, and that we decided to – it’s when one of the drivers of the decision to split and to stop our partnership with ViaSat in Europe. And I think we made that very clear at that time, because we thought that we need a very powerful, capable and scalable retail distribution arm branch in Europe. And we think we have found that with Bigblu Broadband. The reason why we are absorbing today the European activities of Bigblu Broadband is because we want to be in control, to be in control, notably, of the scalability of that business. We want to be able to scale it up as fast as we need to maximize the ramp of our satellites. We think that the main – but we don’t think we know, and we calculate that the main – the value driver of our company and the main growth driver of our company is the rapidity of the fill rate of the KONNECT satellite and more importantly, of the KONNECT VHTS. It’s a very big satellite, very large capacity. We need to fill it as much as we can, and we need to be in a position to accelerate our distribution if we need. And there is no alternative than owning our own distribution arm to be able to decide how fast we want to fill the satellite. That’s exactly the main decision-making driver behind this decision. Conflict of interest. Well, there is no conflict of interest. In our view, we’ll be able to manage very well this – the potential channel contacts. Our distributors, they know for sure that there will be – that we have a hybrid distribution approach. They know that. It’s part of our contract, and it’s part of the discussions we have with them. Nothing is hidden. It’s perfectly disclosed. The large telcos are going to retail to their own subscribers and to their old footprint. What we think is that we need to add a retail branch dedicated specifically to deliver areas where there is no real preexisting distribution network, even from large telcos, meaning that we think that the 2 arms, the 2 legs of our distribution strategy will co-exist very well. It’s true contractually. It’s true in terms of relations because they know it and also, it’s true strategically and commercially because we actually address 2 different segments of the market. Understood. And just a follow-up. If I think about ViaSat journey, using that word, again... Yes. Sorry, I missed this one. Yeah. Sorry, Giles, I missed that one. I didn’t want to renew that question. We don’t intend at all to block ViaSat out of Europe, not at all. We think we will coexist with them, and we think the market is by – is largely, largely enough for the – big enough for the 2 of us. Largely big enough for the 2 of us. Today, we are launching, well, imminently, I would say, well, it will show in the next – well, in the next year – fiscal year – in 2022, to be precise, to make sure nobody’s is misunderstanding me, VHTS satellite that will produce 500 gigabits of capacity. ViaSat is expected to launch, according to the old phase, the ViaSat-3 satellite, which will produce, they say around 1 terabyte. Today, there are 30 million homes in Europe, which are not connected to the high-speed Internet with – by wirelines or wireless connections. In the next 10 years, according to the most optimistic plans, 5 million homes will [Technical Difficulty] will deeply need to be connected because, well, Internet is becoming a universal need, by satellites. They connect – they won’t be connected by wireless or by fiber, meaning that the market is big enough and it’s much more than big enough than we can bring that onus together. That’s why, for me, the strategy we have in Europe, of course, will not be a market share gain in which we will compete head-to-head, ViaSat against us, not at all. We are about – our motto, our objective should be to develop that market. There is a lot of unlocked demand – of flat on demand, sorry, that we should unlock. That’s what we have to do. And competing head-to-head would be absolutely stupid and a nonsense strategically, commercially, financially, and also in terms of consumer benefits. And just in terms of ViaSat response, because they came to Europe, they brought their famous proprietary marketing tool. They gave it the Bigblu. They launched it in a bunch of markets. They brought some technology and put it in your gateway, ensuring to optimize the service for video. They would believe that they acted in their good interest, good faith. And through most of the Eutelsat acts have been kind of blocked or pushed out or – I don’t know. I just feel like for a litigious U.S. corporate to act in good faith and in good partnerships and then see all this happen to them. They might come back at you with, I don’t know, some kind of legal action. Do you think that’s a possibility at all? Well, we are very clear on what we do always and we try to be very transparent. We took the decision 2 or 3 years ago to go our own way and to separate with ViaSat. It means that we have separated in terms of distribution, as we have just told and we have taken the decision to go our own way and to ultimately acquire the European activities of BBB and not to stay with ViaSat as a retail partner. We have decided to opt for an alternative space technology, which is the KONNECT VHTS technology instead of ViaSat-3. And we have also taken the decision to opt for an alternative ground segment and CPE technology, and that’s what we are doing at the moment. It’s perfectly clear. It’s presently well understood, transparent and done in absolutely good faith. We’ll be competitors in Europe. We will be good faith, loyal competitors. And what I want to underline here is that the market is much – is largely big enough for the 2 of us and to totally fill the production capacity of our large-size satellites, and to be extremely profitable in that business in Europe. Understood. Thanks a lot, Rodolphe. [Operator Instructions] We will now take our next question from Roshan Ranjit from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Great. Thanks for the questions. Morning – 2 for me, please. Just going back to some of the comments you made last quarter around CapEx, and the delay to milestone payments. Now today, you’re given your cash CapEx guidance of €400 million for this year. So is it possible to get a sense of how those delayed milestone payments feed into this year? And if there’s any knock-on effect already into next year? And second question, just on some of the comments you made just before Rodolphe on the Fixed Broadband side, some of the comments from the EU commissioner earlier this month seemed to suggest that they were pushing for – scope for a single platform for consumer broadband across Europe to compete more effectively with what’s going on in the U.S. and across Asia. So now you’re saying that the market is big enough for multiple operators. It’ll be interesting to just get your views on your scope for working in collaboration with other operators for that consumer broadband effort across Europe? Thanks. Well, maybe the first question Sandrine may answer. Yes, of course. So on the milestones for the cash CapEx, so yes, this is right that in fiscal year 2020, we have had some delays in the payment of milestone in relation to the programs that are on the construction. The impact is approximately €50 million, so – which is cash CapEx that will be paid in fiscal year 2021 instead of fiscal year 2020. As regards to our global guidance on CapEx, the €400 million is an average over 3 years. So we always have delays for slippage from 1 year to the following one. And we do not expect to be above the €400 million in fiscal year 2021. If this is part of your question, we expect to be comfortably below the €400 million cash CapEx in fiscal year 2021. On your second question regarding the statement – declaration of Commissioner, Thierry Breton, regarding the European Commission strategy for satellite communications, and probably also regarding what could be the assets structure, bringing high-speed Internet to rural parts of – rural parts of Europe in the future. Well, first, we work in very close connections with the European Commission and we are part of their reflection on what could be a long-term space strategy for Europe. We contribute, of course, to that. And then it’s no surprise to us, what the European Commission said is that satellite – the satellite components will be essential to bringing high-speed connectivity to citizens in Europe living in the digital divice. It’s very important, because it’s the first time that it has been recognized at that level – at that political level, which is the highest possible level in Europe, that the important necessity, the absolute necessity of satellite to bridge the digital divide has been recognized in public, and that – the European Commission has said that they will consider satellite, and they will – and that developments have to be made to develop the connectivity brought by satellites to connect homes living in the digital divide. Ourselves, we are extremely well positioned, because we are the first company to have a road map in that respect, with our first satellite coming online imminently in the next few weeks. KONNECT satellite being already launched and now being tested to enter service commercially as of October, progressively through the beginning of 2021. And the large KONNECT VHTS satellite entering a service – well, being launched at the end of 2022. I think that we are the only ones with roadmap with very large capacity, able to bridge the digital divide. And that’s why we are optimistic on our ability to sign large deals in Europe beyond the deal we have already inked – with the deals we have already inked with Orange for France, but also for the European footprint. Of course, Europe is looking ahead and is looking in longer horizon of time. And they wonder whether it should stimulate the investment into a LEO constellation for satellite telecommunication for Europe. It’s a long-term reflection. We, of course, contribute to that reflection, but there is nothing which we can comment on at the time being, because it’s very, very preliminary. And this is, well, something for the long term. Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you very much. As there are no further questions at this time, I would like to turn the call back to your speakers for any additional or closing remarks. Well, no real closing remarks on my side. Maybe just to conclude, I would say, that I will insist that even in the face of COVID, Eutelsat has shown its ability to generate a very, very high level of free cash flow, securing a very strong dividend with a high yield, dividend which is covered, well, very comfortably, more than 2 times by the cash flow. Broadcast is extremely resilient and will stay very resilient in the future. We prove that quarter after quarter, and I hope now that we have convinced everybody of that. And importantly, return to growth is down the way and with very important and concrete progress that we have made in that direction lately, arrival in service of KONNECT, signature of the wholesale strategy which is getting traction with Orange, notably, and the addition of the retail leg with the acquisition of the European activities of Bigblu Broadband. Everything is in place. All the pieces of the puzzle are in place now to start up that avenue and to resume the growth of the company. Thank you for your attention, and have good holidays, for those of you who are going to go on holidays tonight. Thank you. That will conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect.