Thanks, Walter.All right. I think we’re all set to go here. I am Walter Pritchard, Software Analyst here at Citi. I am happy to have with us on Nikesh Arora, the CEO of Palo Alto Networks. Nikesh, welcome. Great. So, I just want to like to start here is just, you’ve been in the role about two years and a little over two years, I think, and could you just walk us through sort of what you set out to accomplish as you joined and it’s been a lot of changes at the company, a lot of them strategic in terms of markets you’re focused on and so forth. Could you help us understand sort of where you are along that process of transformation of the company, and then more importantly, kind of how we think about things going forward, now that that’s -- now that we’re two years in? Thanks, Walter, and thanks for having me here. As we talked about two years ago, I remember. I was new to cybersecurity. I didn’t understand the cybersecurity space and there is like my first all enterprise as late after Google, that is somehow surprising. I spend a lot of time talking to customers, talking to you guys, talking to -- lots of us has chatted to the space and studying the cybersecurity industry. I realized we had a really good firewall business, phenomenal one, still strong, naturally it’s a firewall, as well as bunch of security subscriptions. But we have risen in a bunch of other categories, which I think was right categories, because company is early thinking about cloud security, thinking about remote access, and thinking about some element of a data oriented, AI oriented security strategy. But we didn’t have enough have to build, so we had a good catch as you can around the ability of that. So the last two years we’ve spent a lot of time and effort building a cloud security platform, building a data analytics based approach towards security around Cortex and I think goes through a combination of organic and inorganic capability is shown that we’ve actually been able to build platforms and become kind of industry best of breed, if you will, in multiple categories. We were in Magic Quadrant far right corner in firewalls. Today, we think we could be in five different such quarters between Prisma Cloud, Prisma Access, Cortex XDR, Cortex XSOAR and firewall. So in two years, when we get there, let me walk on and so there is two other talks about one part of it getting the products right and getting to be more of a cybersecurity partner of choice as opposed to a firewall vendor, which is like having saw 100 CIOs and see someone said, thank you for coming, really appreciate or seeing you because you’re CIO in space. But honestly, I never security to advice firewalls, maybe my firewall is more than 10 years, it did all the features whatever you file. So this is not going to be long-term relation. Today, when we talk about cloud security, digital transformation, moving you to away from MPLS and SD-WAN to more security now that we have exposure. So I think we climb the some of the -- or we bought [inaudible] of being a multi-product company with three platforms and be a cybersecurity coverage. The second aspect of that would be, again, we build products and hence we will sell them with a sales force across all these categories. And I think our most recent quarter, has clearly we have shown that we can take something and go out and build those $2 billion or buildings of new category, but we are going ourselves the investors and people who that I have lived many of the companies have tried in the past, many cybersecurity stalwarts have tried it and it’s a hard task to get done. You cannot rotate a very strong one product company and actually build a meaningful revenue stream or a billion stream in a separate category. And I feel much more comfortable now after this past one year that we can do it. And we found some model between our core sales team and the teams that are selling this. There’s a lot of work to be done in terms of streamlines and these things streamline some of the stuff, product categories and product capabilities, but I feel a lot better today than I did almost two years ago, maybe one year. And how do we think about the sort of transformational or strategic moves that still need to come at a high level. What would you tell us to sort of think about from that perspective? Look, I mean, I think, if you’re an investor of Palo Alto or a prospective investor of Palo Alto, the biggest challenges two years ago, can this guy, I think, can you go build an enterprise company and take it forward? Can you actually build a multi-product business in cybersecurity? So hopefully, we’ve proven that with me and the team that we can actually, I mean, we are different from other people with pride. And hopefully we have some trust from our investors that, we showed a slide in the quarter presentation where we’ve taken 4x the business environment from everyone’s acquired company. So we have shown that when we go make acquisitions, we actually understand the market, we pick the right players, we pick the winners and we actually able to then in short order we integrate them and amplifies our business plan. That’s hard to do in an 18-month timeframe as part of the business plans. But we have been able to do that across a myriad of companies that required. So I am not still -- not there yet. We still have integrated cloud industries acquired within four months ago. So we acquire them, we integrate them in six months to nine months to 12 months outside. We build on the market capability around them and we go and convince customers that this is the right product to get of Palo Alto. So we should have that credibility. If you look at historically, M&A has always been a part of an enterprise company’s scale strategy, really look at Cisco, Salesforce, SAP, look at the large $100 billion, $200 billion enterprise companies. There’s always an element of acquiring product into the company and lining it up with the go-to-market salesforce. Now we’re very careful. We don’t buy customers because they cost a lot more money in terms of multiples rather we brought customers who have the customers. I buy product which is bleeding edge, best of breed, that allows you to get on trade as a customer, allows you to stick the entire portfolio for other products and sell that or allows my existing customers to get more capability and integrate with all of us. Great. Maybe we could turn to talk a little bit about how sort of COVID is coming as a wrinkle here. You’ve made, I think, a number of comments on the last couple of conference calls and so, mainly looking forward, how you think about, how this landscape plays out both what impact it’s had on the threat landscape, as well as how customers are interacting with vendors such as yourself? Yeah. So I think, Walter, net-net, COVID is a huge positive for technology and a positive for cybersecurity. If you look across the world, the only thing that’s working is that as an e-commerce capability or some form of technology that is enabling your life, whether it’s your groceries or your food delivery or whatever you have, it’s the enablement is being created by them, volumes are going up on all time social media center. So you see networking, more you enable your business with technology, more security you need. So I think it’s a net positive for us. And it’s a net positive that customers are on the margin more risk averse than they were six months ago. So they’re trying to consolidate towards larger players and they want consolidation, they want simplicity in their IT stack, their security stack, that’s a good positive to us, us having more topical products today as people are moving to the cloud or starting cloud security with [inaudible] in terms of our security deals in the market against anyone. So that’s useful for us, us having competitor to XP or CrowdStrike is topical, because people are turning off Symantec and McAfee and trying to new solution. So we believe we have the right products and that’s helping. So COVID actually is a net-net positive. The only cautiousness I have around COVID in fact is in enterprise sales like it was six months long. So we’re still not six months into COVID and a lot of the performance could be a lot of work that have been done prior to COVID, there is a lot of more good thing happened during COVID. The question is COVID also in the 12 more months, there has to be some pain that is going on from the economy perspective for many of our customers and we will get a dozen back, because that’s -- it is a lot of positives, there’s a bit of negative and the uncertainty associated on how long COVID last it give me a reason for us to be cautious. You can tell me COVID has gone tomorrow, but last six months from now, we can all be more bullish about our expectations. And you mentioned there displacement of some of the players in the market. To what extent are you seeing customers willing to accelerate those displacement type decisions versus customers sort of stepping back and saying I don’t have the money or I don’t have the sort of wherewithal right now to do big projects where I might involve displacing a big vendor? I think, generally, people are most focused on what needs to get done in their tech stack. So move to the cloud or accelerated. Remember SD-WAN and Prisma Access is a cost savings to the customer to get off of MPLS to save 40% that’s always a useful project you can done, if you can help you reduce my costs like 40%, while we have take that for something else, because everybody’s watching MPLS carefully. So cost driven projects are still attracted to our customer basis. They are getting stuff done. Surprisingly, during COVID, more cust -- the customers was not traveling, they’re still start focus and getting stuff done, and actually getting more stuff done. In COVID times, they were getting before COVID. Having to us I think they are available. So I don’t think the activity is down. I think on the margin, yes, of course, they’re being cautious about big projects that they undertake and software projects are more preferable than hardware projects, because hardware requires taking physical delivery, go into data center and deploying firewall software, I can turn those my access on globally for your entire user base without actually having to go touch each box that I’m shipping. So there are some micro trends underneath this, which are also helpful the industry. Makes sense. I want to go back to the sort of transformation that you’ve talked about at the company and I think one area we haven’t hit on is on the go-to-market side and so you brought up in a new gentleman as President. I think in the first year that you were CEO, there’s lots of focus about all the changes that happen within sales. Can you talk about sort of where we are today with the salesforce and especially how depth you think they are at selling this product portfolio, which has changed or evolved pretty substantially over the last couple years? Overall, I will point, nothing tells the story go to the numbers, right? We did 1.4 billion in billings, largest quarter companies ever done in the midst of COVID. We did $928 million of billings in next-generation security, surpassing our estimates of $815 million, which we thought was going to happen as recently as four months ago. So I’m very excited about the execution that the company that the sales teams have been able to pull off especially in this environment. So I think we found the balance between all the people we brought in and all the changes we made that people are fired up and I was saying this to one of your investors earlier, that is a big change has been the quality of our products has gone up drastically or wonderfully in the NGS category that our salespeople are excited about. We’ve talked about the customer where the four or five quarters ago we sold them 10 plus firewall and for that quarter we sold 10 plus firewall Prisma before that was sold 10 plus Cortex. Now, that wouldn’t happen if we didn’t have Prisma on Cortex. It’s happen by the same sales team that sold firewall. So we can see that their previous capacity capability of just being able to go to the customer base and expand your portfolio. That is the long-term scalability with the enterprise. If you have customer relationships, can you bring capable products that integrate with your products and drop them to the same customers and get them better? If you can, that’s a win, because its way harder acquiring a net new customer or selling into an existing happy customer, just purely economically. So we have the field force. We have the relationship. Our NPS scores are higher, customer success scores, CATS scores are high, low cost. So I think it’s the right setup for us to be able to bring great product. We think we have to bring new product. Because your reputation of the stack or the quality of product if you are going to acquire customers. Got it. And I wanted before continuing, I just want to drive raise attention to on the panel on the left of the conference session, there is a spot to put in questions if anybody wants to submit questions here to the discussion and I’ll get those through email. So on that point around sales, I agree you’ve done especially in the last, two, three quarters, that’s really come through. I think you’re at -- you extended your fiscal year. I think in the past you had made some moves like put in place these speed bumps, for example, that helped to drive some traction on some of the newer products. Are there any major moves that you’ve made on the sales and marketing side that you’d highlight going into fiscal ‘21 here or is it sort of more at the point where things are evolving from the strategies you put in place over the last couple years? That’s a great question, Walter. I think you may have seen that the last two quarters, we stuck in the snuck in the ARR metric for NGS service. Because I think if you step back, you look at it, we have a lot more comfort now that we believe you have the product portfolio, we can sell the new product portfolio, we can do it in an efficient optimized manner without Cortex. So now the question is what’s next, question next, let’s go create more scalability, and more scalability means, let’s go drive more NGS, more NGS whether it’s for our business and I will talk about this separate if you asked me about the margin profile evolution of ex-U.S. But we are talking about America. So the question, okay, what do you need to be continually successful is next thing you need to continue to be successful in business, make sure that all of our national security products are being deployed and consumed more like SaaS billing. So there’s a lot of focus this year in making sure that as we sold a lot of NGN, let’s make sure it gets deployed. Let’s make sure it gets consumed because that consumption allows our an article that goes for the future [inaudible] for this product and they are still lack their term because these things are two-year to three-year terms. So we had here year and a half to make sure our customers who brought all these products are really happy. It is a very important motion for us, because in firewalls kind of shift the firewall, the customer does one on the firewall six more years. So there’s a little bit of and there’s six months deployment, in our previous product very small deployment. So a lot of focus on the sales team to sell the customers, make sure to deploy and that’s a hygiene for us that we have to make sure that we do, but there is no major shift in our incentive program that actually that were done last year. Got it. Got it. And then, I guess, on that side, you mentioned ARR is this you’re conditioning your salespeople more to sell along in lines of ARR and to drive upsell, not necessarily land with large deals. Can you just comment on sort of where you’re focusing salespeople from a kind of metric incentive perspective? Larger sales folk -- the salespeople continue to be focused on these metrics because that’s what our model has that [inaudible]. That’s what allows us to keep our duration strong and keep our cash flow margins right. There are one or two categories like Prisma Cloud, which lend themselves to a more a shorter piece of year or shorter contract duration and that’s about two years compared it has about three years. That’s the only thing that’s we have. The focus actually is to make sure that once they sold some industrial machines, they deployed the SAP and if they want to deploy they position, because our Prisma Cloud model slightly different because it’s -- we keep adding more modules and we drive more consumption volume. So that’s the only vision to more product category compared to it. Got it. That makes sense. And then, I guess, relative to this transition you’ve had going on in the business. Can you talk about, a lot of these new products are in new categories? How much of it cannibalizes budget that you might have seen on the firewall side? Is there any direct cannibalization of firewall sales? What have you seen manifests itself in terms of conversations with customers as you’re trying to get budget share? I prefer using the word sort of replacement or transition of cannibalization, because in a firewall capacity is needed, if you stop doing your data centers, AWS or CCP either you still need firewall inside it. So in that case, it cannibalizes a hardware sale, but it compensates software. So do I need a firewall to make sure Walter can dial in from his home? Yes, of course, he do back in the data center. If I choose not to do it in the data center, I put SD-WAN and I put Prisma Access on Walter’s laptop and now I can go make that happen from a smaller office or from remote premise. So that becomes a software swap. So, yes, you do see, you’re seeing constant swaps between hardware and software form factors. But I’m not seeing cannibalization of this space. I’m actually thinking long-term is net positive because you see more consumption of cloud, you see more tech enablement of our customer, you see more people deploying more and more remote solution. So I think this is a net positive to overall strength and you’ve seen in that numbers. Got it. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. And then as it relates to these -- the -- there’s a number of next generation security categories that you’re in, which of those do you think you’re in the strongest competitive position? And then which of these categories do you think you’d have more work to do either with the product or with your own sales teams or otherwise to be in a competitive position that you’d like to be in? Look, I think, Prisma Cloud is extremely strong, because we have 1,800 customers from scratch from two years ago and we sell in two customers who have typically deploying SAP, AWS Azure. So we’re dealing with the native cloud provider, as well as ourselves going on top of that and selling cloud security that takes that that’s really good. We see no competitive sort of -- no, we don’t see a clear competitor who can do as many things we can do, we’ll see a slimmer competitor once in a while with some of those customers and we are trying, we think the words are [inaudible]. So very excited about that and the way to track that with the number of customers in the wireless space, we believe over time it’s into consumption for every customer grows. Really excited about Prisma Access, we declare a number of $90 million Prisma Access to CloudGenix this quarter, that compares to Zscaler, which I think it has 30 one or two quarters ago or something. So, we’re showing you that, look, when we put our hearts and minds toward building a better product category, we actually can get to some sort of scale and start looking at what somebody else is doing. I am excited about XDR, it was even great products, only six months in. We set two more and being able to be more competitive situations against abstract, but the key focus is to be in more -- be in more deals. XDR is a current space with Silacks [ph], Carbon Black and one of us comes back, but two years ago if you ask, I was following to a contender in what pressure we were not two years in, we were in the four or five vendors in XDR. We were the first XDR launched in the world, so we actually defined what XDR for us. So I am really excited about it. It’s still early days, of course, need to more work and execution on that front side of Prisma Access, side about Prisma Cloud and I am very excited about the IT security capabilities in the good firewall with the change there, it’s a bit of easy add to our firewall state of thousands of customers we deploy firewalls. And then those two areas in Prisma, I guess, specifically Prisma Cloud and as well as in Cortex, you have incumbents who are in those markets who are sort of trying to hold on to the base that they have or in some cases selling a product alongside the product that they’ve been selling on a legacy basis. Who do you look at as the primary competition in those two markets? Who is the -- who has the mindshare and who are you focus on between those inventories? I mean, on Prisma Cloud, we don’t see one competitor. Customers are just using tool that GCB add as we’ll give them. Yeah. As we go to multi-cloud and we figure out we make it work across multiple clouds because GCP tools don’t work in AWS, AWS tools work on GCP. So you need something that integrates across those. The customer does integrate themselves or they buy Prisma Cloud, right? That’s what we see over there. There is delivered to betters. We will look at their security or workload security or sell it or [inaudible], but there’s nobody who does the seven modules that we have. On Cortex, in XDR, as I said, we see CrowdStrike, since I’ll ask coming back talking about those guys, but it’s 30 days to 1,000 customers in two quarters, which is great. Part of it is conversion part with the existing reps, customers part of net new customers. But we have one deals against all of them. So we feel comfortable that our competitive product in this space. My turn give it the best ranking a few months ago in that category. So on Prisma Access, it’s pretty much say hardware solve. So people will just buy more 400 firewalls in the data centers to get more and more capacities. And typically, competitively, we’ll end up against Zscaler. Yeah. Got it. And then going back to the appliance business, I think, when you gave the guidance for the upcoming year, you talked about flat to slightly up product, which I think there’s been higher expectations in the past, that number seems pretty achievable just based on it being kind of flattish. But how conservative is that? Obviously, you had some challenges a year ago on that business. And just trying to get a sense as to we have a tougher macro, so it would make sense that number is lower. But it does seem pretty low. Just wanted to understand sort of what you’ve built into that forecasting scenario around flat to slightly up? I’m not sure when we’ll get there. But honestly, internally, when we look at firewall platform. We look at how many firewalls can I sell irrespective of the form factor. I know the product part gets called out shortly in the P&L because it has a revenue profile that is different from ratable revenue profile, and it impacts the EPS and margins for the year. But we had a customer call. Customer call and said, I’d like to increase my capacity for remote secure work. I had a choice as well in firewalls and deploy them in 50 locations, taking two months to four months or I had a choice of giving them Prisma Access with cloud-based firewall, I gave them Prisma Access, right? I’d rather us in software because software is easy to upgrade, total cost of ownership is lower. I mean, if I sell you hardware box, you have to talk on it every year, but I have launching new software release. And that’s on you and people get nervous deploying software and spend, it spend on your rating. It’s a lot easy if I keep upgrading a software every month in the cloud, they don’t have to get bulk those front end [ph]. So the software solve is a much more elegant solve, better security, low-cost of ownership in the long-term. So I think we went through a transition to the industry. Some people don’t have the software capability on their side, they some will have ran to their customers. And some people like us who have software capability to others all software capability to our customers. So I’m also telling that I prefer software over hardware firewalls because it’s a better quality of revenue and lower cost of ownership for the customer and there is security posture. So for all those reasons, I guess, that’s what’s happening, firewall platform were 19% for this quarter. So we’re on share. We’re just shifting from hardware to software and that’s part of our mission. Okay. That makes sense. And then I guess the question I’ve had come in, in part of a question I had combining the two. So you -- from an M&A perspective, you have done a decent number of deals. I would say none of them have been large deals, maybe bordering on mid-to-large. How do you think about the balance sheet limiting the size of the deals you do and you’ve used a little bit of stock in those deals? How do you think about something bigger that might involve stock and be more transformational as a deal? So one of the bias so far has been that if we acquire a bleeding-edge or leading-edge product in the market, which is a need in the security space, we believe it can amplify business plans where market get earnings of 6% to 9% and we demonstrated that early by saying that before ex the business plans or of the acquisitions we bought in a span of 18 months to 24 months. So we have demonstrated we buy product businesses which are not overlapping. But low innovation means we can go out and amplify as well as market capability to our customers. So that’s the motion we have now developed. We’ve learned. We got better are acquisition we do. We’re more prepared. We get them streamlined much faster, integrate them much faster. That motion is working and that’s worked for us have done so far and we’re really happy about it. Now in that case, the price of everything we bought is more correlated where we see the potential and where we see the opportunity and where we believe it’s a unique asset. It’s less to do with how much revenues agree with them, because we actually have plans revenue to think there’s a huge opportunity, that’s why we want to touch base on, that’s something world class security, we may have eight or 10 deals. We could have gotten there a lot to Poracota. So that’s the logic. When you say transformation, I think that’s good for a larger deal, which… Right. …has more revenue and more capability. That I have shied away from those primarily because there’s a lot of -- often there will be a product over there in this case, I have to a make decision what to do we do with the product. I have a product. That company has a product, they have customers, our customers. I have to maintain two different code bases, two different products, and I can have to maintain that for right of your time to send in an efficient way to acquire them. Their salesforce is our salesforce, I think, it’s more complex to do a larger acquisition integration if it’s overlapping and… Yeah. If it’s not overlapping and the real question is, is there synergies by me be in that business and can I add more value to my customers by integrating that product with mine or is it better from you as an investor or shareholder, our existing shareholders just go buy that separately, right? Would I need to buy of that, why did we actually not, well, there is a problem, there we have management in a separate space. There’s very little innovation means that what we do. So if you were interested in owning and need Access management on our, we see want to start. I don’t have to add value but I didn’t clarify through that. Yeah. That makes sense. I think the overlap, it sounds like a major consideration. How do you think about just the organic R&D capability that you have having brought on a lot of these cloud assets. Do you feel like you now have the organic capability to build what you may need in the future versus if I go back two years ago, you had a great network security team and that was the sort of the nexus of your R&D talent. Look I think in the last two years, we’ve built a phenomenal cloud security capability because not, we bought four companies. We built in the next three ourselves. We’re launching mobile modules for that this quarter. So we obviously chose to go organic and build the next thing that suppose to acquire Zingbox [ph] because we thought there was more leverage from what we already have and going and spending time to redo something else. So we believe there’s a lot of technical catch up we’ve done in the cloud. Now -- so from that perspective, we have that Prisma Access, same thing, we through the engineering team by 4x to 5x when we acquired it, to be able to get to, one, we believe we have 55, I have to guess, what’s happening in the market as we get with ourselves there, we might, but that’s more opportunistic as opposed to no versus by then is opposed to a large match over that excellent. XDR still moment space, lots of activity there. XDR is place where you think is there for the readjustment in there. So we have explore when XDR comes strive with less space that XDR capabilities, Somalogic is going from like it’s in that space and some by more. Exabean in that space. Sentinel is that space, Silanis Nora. So it’s still a crowded space where people still not figure out what the real platform is going to look like in the future. We’ve done great. So 1,000 customers on XDR, we’ve done -- spent that’s why we made the acquisition is system so, which is actually a channel that is blocked to us because -- response channel is a high conversion channel for product, very often because mandated the firewall to try to do that. We saw that CrowdStrike does a bit of that in incidence response. We think there’s an actual ability for us to take in response and attach a bunch of product to that. So that’s how we do that. So broadly speaking, we have the technical capability across the Board. We’re always on the lookout to see if there is a technology, which would be a brain changer and provide us a critical spare to go in into a market and be able to drive entire product capability into it. We did have cloud security. We were not declared of the financial services industry because taken by our firewalls with cloud security, we got in and we get in a lot of different businesses, which we weren’t able to get in firewalls. Now we can have Prisma Access on this for customers to manage with that. Got it. How do you -- the go-to-market channels in the security space have been very, I remember, you and I talked about this when you joined the company. I mean, you have these resellers that just do security they -- a lot of them have made their business on selling boxes. And yet, they’re very important in the short-term, you have sort of new channels that become more important as you move to the cloud, even potentially some of the cloud service providers who have the developers’ attention. How are you evolving your go-to-market channels? Any details you can give us around how far of that has already evolved? Yeah. Look, I think, that’s a very good question. In the past, if you’re a hardware business, you rely on traditional hardware resellers or hardware distributors, because there is a lot of physical inventory and logistics involved there, compliance stuff and getting to Boston where else there is a significant part of the channel where you have to make sure that your product got there and was deployed it for their help. When it goes to a software model, that’s a different deployment model because there’s marketplace Google, there’s marketplace [inaudible] going to make sure your products fully enabled in the marketplace for some customers that is applying aftermarket places. So they’re becoming a channel to some degree. Many SIs and many SPs in the last two years, three years have done a lot our security practice. They’re becoming a channel. We go and say, I’ll do network transformation, not bring all the pieces, I’ll bring SD-WAN, I’ll bring secured in there because the customer says, getting me off MPLS, get me out of SD-WAN, you do it, right? So you see a customer say, come and resign myself, come and figure out how my -- is to operate, there as much as cloud sourcing companies, which are being software or on solved orients one that potential run out whole bunch of route. So you are seeing the SIs or system integrators or service providers, do those becoming bigger and bigger part of the overall channel landscape because of a whole bunch of services want where product is. So where products have to dovetail in all the people who service business. So you are seeing that transformation happen, and obviously, there’s a whole new class of people to cloud prostates who are helping many traditional businesses most as well. Now, again, they come in and say, well, to help you cannot pay on security past we will bring security with us. So a lot more parts that we investigate. We are doing well. We made a lot of windows. We build good partners and in those people. I think what helps us there is the comprehensiveness for product capability and allows them to work with one players post for customers. How do you think about the cloud service providers themselves as partners? I mean, are they -- do they always have to play too much of Switzerland, and it’s very hard to sort of get leverage out of them or do you envision a world where they could drive a lot of leverage in your business? I’m talking about Microsoft and… Look, it’s interesting. And the Argonne of the cloud security business, people wondered about the fact that we’re not -- we’re going to get beat by them because they have cloud-native credibility and they are to just provide security with them. I think we’ve sold 1,000 customers in our product, each of these guys already have end use security. So the fact that we’re able to more demonstrate value when we need that an despite having those tools and capabilities those providers tell them that -- tell what the customer and the cloud providers that we can bring beneath that. So we’re available on the marketplace. We partner with all of them. They’re important. But remember, they’re trying to sell into a lot of transformation. It’s a way huge compared to small sort of piece of business we get relative to them… Yeah. …because of this. So it’s feel like there is a little limited support thesis that goes on it. Got it. How are you thinking about -- you just brought on new CFO, his first conference call was last quarter, at a high level how are you thinking about the margin picture, you took a number of steps back with all the M&A you’ve done. I think you’ve talked about margins being somewhat in line next year with where they were last year. How do you think about the steps to start to get some leverage in the business. Are we close to that happening? Or do you feel like you need to invest for a number of years in order to see that sort of leverage start to come through? Yeah. Walter, it’s -- this is a great question and Luis is a great guy. We’ve got -- we’re just lucky to have him. He has a really good understanding. He worked at Cisco for a while. He understands the traditional hardware base or he understands the AWS has worked there. He’s got 20 years before that in the consumer industry. So really a great guy. So lots of good stuff being it together. And here, I’ve been debating this and literally, I think we’re going to do, hopefully, sometime either our next earnings call or after or do a margin evolution master class, because I think there’s nuances to where our margin is evolving, and people need to understand that. We have two businesses. We have a firewall business, which is a sell the box, show that revenue expense go up its matched expenses and revenue for the most part. We have particularly now a SaaS business in NGS and it’s becoming a bigger part of our billings trends. So it’s 20% this year, right? Yeah. And last year, so -- and that -- if everything stays flat, that becomes a bigger proportion. Now our $928 million of billing is all the sales costs have already showed up. Now the -- most of the revenue is still going to come in the next 35 months. Yeah. So the $357 million of billings in NGS this past quarter, I’m pretty sure over $250 million of that came in the last 10 days. So I’ve got no revenue benefit in fiscal -- in my past fiscal year from that $350 million billings because those hardware sales, it all showed up in revenue. But my cost there, my sales commissions have been paid, by sales costs and then our marketing costs are there. So there’s a mismatch between revenue recognition and expense recognition in SaaS business you know that. And… Yeah. …those things start to show margin expansion two years, three years out because a lot more revenue falls off the deferred revenue onto your P&L and your costs by then get off by the amount of revenue that it falls off other. So we think there is going to be natural margin expansion at Palo Alto Networks because of that phenomena two years, three years from now. But we’re now in the very early innings, it’s going to be to $400-some million of billings last year on NGS $928 million this year, all the cost of doing that is there will have cost in the next two quarters of deploying that, but that’s still be in excess of the revenue we’re going to get in those relatively speaking from those accounts. So there is a margin transition that -- when you look at the overall, you see our gross margins are under pressure, you see our operating margins are under pressure it’s not because our business changing fundamentally. It’s because our model is transitioning from an upfront payment revenue model to a SaaS based model. And SaaS based model, there’s tremendous amount expansion that happens two to three years out. So we think we’re going to have that same phenomenon happen. So when we say operating margins have been flat, it’s just us showing financial prudence saying, look, we understand you’re supposed to get leverage out of the overall business, we’ll manage it to be flat. We can spend more and if we more NGS billings because we think that’s better for our business long term. And that’s a where few cut between a bit of a -- and a hard place because our NGS -- we showed a slide. We have the fastest-growing next-generation security business as the world compared to any of the new upstarts, how they were trading on better valuations. And they’re showing margin expansion that happens two years to three years into it. We will have the same profile. So we’re going to figure out losing out and how to show the separate margin profiles for both our businesses to be able to loss on that. Got it. And who -- so it really sounds like it’s a matter of time, and it sounds like the absolute magnitude of growth in fiscal ‘21 is large enough to eat up that margin expansion that we would otherwise see? I hope you go faster. Got it. Relative to sort of the precedent for a margin structure of a next-gen business, is there anything out there that you could point to at this point that it looks like you think that business could look over the long-term. I think there’s not a lot of SaaS businesses that are at full scale with sort of mature margins. But curious kind of how you would encourage investors to think about what that business could be? Look, it’s too early to call, but I think that is fair to say that we have two different businesses. And the firewall business has -- and the margin profile hasn’t changed. It’s very consistent with the Palo Alto margin profile might have been when it is going to exceed 20%. So the margin profile is pretty consistent in our firewall business. It hasn’t change much. I think what you’ve seen is a pressure caused by us building next-generation security business. And if you isolate that, then I think the right comparison would be looking at it and see how some of the new initiatives in security businesses as they get scale and as they lapped three years of high bookings, or billings, they look like and their volume expansion looks like. So if you look at CrowStrike of that one see how the margin expansion looks like over time as they get to scale, ours should be similar. Got it. Okay. The last question I had and I think I might have one more coming here on the line. The last question I had, you have from -- we talked about sales transitions at the company. From a leadership -- overall leadership transition perspective, you’ve had a very, I’d say, stable product organization. Do you feel like sort of the transitions that have impacted the company have sort of made their way through or how especially given some of the technical founders and so forth that you have on board at the company? How do you feel about the sort of next generation on the product side that you have that in place to be able to have the organization as the company matures over the next course of its lifecycle? Well, we have been transitioning both on product and market side. But remember, we had an organization that was very geared towards apparel and you had to bring in thinking across the board to be able to sell against CrowdStrike, to sell against Zscaler, to build the cloud capabilities that nobody understood cloud, desktop of [ph] is a different world compared to networks secure, you have to build like you have go-to-market side. And we’ve done a reasonable job. And we’ve changed 75% of Vice President of about the company in the last 18 months. Well, it’s -- there’s a much… They’re all beginning to jump as you can see the proof is in the pudding. Our biggest quarter where we have some big loss [inaudible] so you can’t execute if your teams are not getting along and getting stuff done. So we think we’re comfortable we’re in the -- we have this in all hands with our teams, as we said, we’ve gone from storming, forming to performing and I think the organization is going into a performing stage where I feel very comfortable with the leadership that we have in place. So there will always be changes in the margin here and there, but we’ve gone through a very heavy lift in last year. So we have done that whilst maintaining the execution that is required in the market. Got it. Great. I think that is it. Maybe just one more for me, from a cultural perspective, you’ve been a lot -- in a lot of companies. How do you look at remote -- the remote workforce from a culture perspective, is it -- there’s obviously some touted benefits around productivity? How are you sort of able to maintain the culture of the company or sort of guide the culture of the company the way that you want to, given where everybody is sitting physically at this point? Well, that’s something we spent a lot of time over the last six months working on and I think one of the things our teams are really proud of, we launched something called FLEXWORK, which by the way when conversation with other companies want to look at the model and see if they want to deploy. They flipped the entire business to employee to us. We’ve been working a lot of automation over the last six months, where everybody is going out but have the ability after November to choose to benefit. So we no longer have that benefit. We’re going to get it in gyms and cafeterias, it will start taking the money and redeploying the people they want to use. So there’s a lot of work going on the benefits, say, a lot of work going on where you choose to work from. There’s a lot of work going on online learning programs. We just finished a six weeks of learning of all of our teams. But apart from that the biggest difference has been that I’ve had monthly calls with the entire company from our behalf answered every question. I’ve had -- I’ve talked to about three groups of 50 employees each week randomly choosing across the company. I talked to our entire leadership team is about 175 and I talk to all the leaders once a month and additionally, I do smaller groups of 20 across the leadership team three times every month, so I get to the -- when I get to resize cycles more than once a month. And I do that they have done. So there is a lot more in my team versus me, there’s a lot more engagement needed to keep people aligned, to keep people motivated, because people are getting tired of this, it is no longer this meter is kind of new normal right this is nascent, there is only so many times I’m going to sit in that room, but you are where I am and that’s something different. Tell me about it. Actually, we did have one more question coming. I just want to make sure because I know this individuals quite focused on your story. You’ve talked about this token based sort of revenue model, consumption model. Can you talk about how prevalent you expect that to be over the course of fiscal ‘21 and what impact would that have on the way the business looks if that is the way that your customers choose to buy from you? Well, the total amount is very specific by month. Right. And it’s -- I think it’s kind of an insight there is that the biggest cost in enterprises the cost of a sales call. So if I have to go to an existing customer and sell them one more feature, it’s an expensive proposition that goes through a contracting process, PLC process, convince the customer, spend lots of time and guess what I’ve done it security by that, since you have a firewall. That’s a very expensive sales call, if I can eliminate expensive sales calls, especially in areas where I’m trying to add more product every quarter. So in Cloud, we went from one module to sell. If I go to the same customer seven times a week module, it’s like seven times products, there’s no leverage by doing them. And of course, when I have seven, I can go sale all seven, but as I’m evolving, developing them if they go for separate. So we came up with this idea that everything is embedded in one minute. The first module when you walk in, I estimate based on what you want to use, you buy 1000 units. So the first thing and use the first module will decrement 10 units a month or 50 units a month is a lot. The second one you can start using right away and I tell you that if you start using it, you’ll be getting better in your account. So what happened is that, for example, we merged a lot, we found a third of the customer started using the other product with the same agreement, with the same product. So we actually had like a salesforce, we started get them some usage. When we were third one and the fourth one, we expect to get more usage. So what happened is, you want to see a number right away when you launch it, but we will be able to tell you usage across multiple modules. So you’ll see that our modules are getting more popular, which just means consumption is increasing, which means my renewal will come up faster and the size of it will be bigger because people are consuming faster. And we are going to this cloud transformation across the world, across every customer and the workforce are increasing and people’s like, we had a customer who bought 10,000 workloads when we bought RedLock, when the 50,000, 10,000 are with us. And that’s so the price the power consumption basically because then it gives us a natural renewal slow motion, which is the constant increase in ARR. Yeah. Got it. Got it. Great. Well, with that, Nikesh, I’ll have to leave it there. Very much appreciate you spending your time here in this session and all the time you spent dedicated to the conference. It’s well appreciated on our end. Thank you very much. Walter, thanks, first of all. Appreciate it. Have a good afternoon.